Kev: 00:00
Hello and welcome back to the No Context Cinema Club, home to an alternative history of modern film, if the only directors in Hollywood had suffered collective amnesia and developed a disturbing fascination with montage. Each week Rob creates his own cut of a movie classic, armed only with the title, and the often misleading prompts and information I provide him along the way. Last week he reimagined high fidelity as a pretty derivative sci-fi movie, crossed with a tale of obsessive and unrequited love, aided or perhaps hampered by the inexplicable mothballing of a marvel of technological innovation. This week is the turn of the usual suspects. What strange twists and turns are in store? Stay tuned to find out as we once more settle back into our imaginary reclining chairs, take a gulp of our soft drinks, and plunge our hands into our overpriced pick and mix bucket. It's time to meet the creative force behind our alternative cinema. Hello, Rob.

Rob: 00:42
Hello, Kev. I was trying to figure out where you were going to insult me in that, but I think I might have missed it or you forgot to.

Kev: 00:47
You had a week off this week. I thought I've been mean, I've been cruel, I've been unkind. I thought I'd just give you a You were particularly mean last week.

Rob: 00:57
Was that Man Baby? Was that last week? Oh no, just in the scoring of the episode.

Kev: 01:01
That wasn't mean, that was fully deserved. Fully, fully deserved. Um it's time for me to ask the question that there's no point asking. Have you watched High Fidelity? What do you think? No. No, I haven't. Okay, let's move on then. Once again, me on the movie in a minute. One of these weeks, though, you are going to have watched it and then you're not going to have prepared a movie in a minute.

Rob: 01:20
Oh, I've got to do the movie in a minute if I've watched it. Oh, well, that's less reason to watch it. Unbelievable.

Kev: 01:27
Unbelievable. Okay, right. Well, I um I am ready and sort of semi-confident about whether this will fit in the minute or not.

Rob: 01:34
Well, don't forget, anything that's over a minute doesn't count, so you better make it. That's where I'll put my slider. And I forgot my timer, so thankfully you brought yours this week. Of course. Are you ready?

Kev: 01:43
I am ready. And go. Record store owner Rob, played by John Kuzak, is drifting through life in a state of continual self-absorption. Through the medium of top five breakups, we are introduced to the fact that his girlfriend Laura is just the latest in a long line of women who have apparently hurt him for no reason of his own, or so he would have us believe. Working in the record store with him are two other snide musical snobs, determined to judge prospective customers' worth, and if found wanting, to humiliate them entirely before refusing to sell them any records at all. As we glide slowly through the back catalogue of Rob's failed romances, we also progress through his current breakup with Laura, who's apparently moved in with the long-haired hippie from the apartment above them. Initially refusing to take any responsibility, Rob sleeps with a young singer songwriter, who's also on the rebound from her own messy breakup. However, he gradually navigates his way through his own self-pity to the realization perhaps his own actions and refusal to ever commit to anything may be part of the problem. He slowly grinds Laura down as to give him a second chance, she pushes him to take a risk, and hearing the music of a couple of skaters who have been terrorising his story decides to record and publish their own EP, relaunching his own DJ career in the process. His slow personal growth had just about made entertaining my high-energy performance from Jack Black, but ultimately the soundtracks are the real star of the movie, which is remarkably little plot when you really think about it.

Rob: 02:49
I didn't go quickly enough at all in that. He's very relaxed. Yeah. He sounds like another Rob who's a bit of an arsehole. Yes, he does. And worryingly, my sister's called Laura. Wow.

Kev: 02:60
So the parallels are unreal. There we go. Little shout out there to Laura. If you're listening, Laura. Rob loves you very dearly.

Rob: 03:07
Yeah, that's what I say. Judge people by their actions, though, not just by their words. One of my sisters is called Laura. I do have another one called Rebecca. Can't leave her out. Alright. Um, do you do you also love her? Yeah, sometimes. Okay. Let's cut that one out, please.

Kev: 03:23
That's staying in the cut. Right, okay. Um that's the movie in a minute done. I suppose it must be time for Flood.

Rob: 03:30
Yeah. What film are we doing?

Kev: 03:32
Uh yeah, this this week we're on the usual suspects, which I rewatched. Some of the listeners might have done too in advance of this. Prepare them for the wonder that will be your own version.

Rob: 03:43
So last week when you said it, I I thought it was a spaghetti western. Yes. And then I came to the realisation I don't want to really know what a spaghetti western is. So is it the same as a western?

Kev: 03:54
Um I think it's it's it's sort of similar, but you have to chuck it against the wall and see what sticks to see if it's to see if it's fully baked.

Rob: 03:60
Well, the good news is that's what I was planning to do. So that's um that's a bit very on-brand. So I think I might have just gone with Western actually. Yeah, it's a Western.

Kev: 04:08
So Alright, so option one's gonna be Western. What is the what is the Western vague plot?

Rob: 04:14
They uh teaser for option one is after a cart full of gold is stolen in a booming gold rush town, the sheriff arrests the same three guys he suspects whenever trouble starts. Uh-huh. Thank you. Sick of being the town's scapegoat, the trio turn the tables, frame the sheriff for the crime, and attempt to overthrow him, restoring the wild lawless freedom to that the town once thrived on.

Kev: 04:38
Okay. Right. So I've never actually watched a Western. So that might be tropes. That might be really down.

Rob: 04:46
I'm assuming that's what basically all Westerns are about.

Kev: 04:48
Yeah, make the baddies wear a dark hat, the goodies wear a light coloured hat, and uh everyone knows exactly what's happening because only five year olds need to watch Westerns. Absolutely. And eighty-five-year-olds.

Rob: 04:57
And old people seem to love them.

Kev: 04:58
Yep. Very true. It was all that was on telly back then. Back in them days. Back in your days. Not my days.

Rob: 05:04
Do you want teaser two?

Kev: 05:06
I do, because I didn't really like teaser one. This is a generic Western apparently.

Rob: 05:10
So teaser two is when a local is found dead just days before a summer fair, two laid back village bobbies follow a trail that leads them to three almost identical suspects staying at local pub.

Kev: 05:23
With a m Sleepy Village. Sleepy What did you say? Laid back village bobbies.

Rob: 05:30
I've not finished the teaser yet. Okay, Hot Fuzz. With a murderer on the loose and a 10K prize on the line, a furious wannabe journalist is convinced the police on taking this baffling murder mystery half as serious as they should be. Have you seen Hot Fuzz? Long time ago. Oh no.

Kev: 05:50
I've just written Hot Fuzz again. Well maybe well let's find out. I'm taking that option just because I don't want the Western. Um and we'll see just how much of Hot Fuzz you can rewrite.

Rob: 05:59
Oh great. So oh no. I have I have watched Hot Fuzz. I can't that was set in Southwest, wasn't it? Yeah. This one's set in Yorkshire.

Kev: 06:08
Oh, there we go. Very different. Miles away. Yeah, miles away. So we go with that. Oh that was Lancashire, was it? It was, yeah. Same place.

Rob: 06:17
I've been to Nick Park's.

Kev: 06:18
Red rose, white rose, same thing.

Rob: 06:19
No, they're not the same. Yeah, pretty much the same. They're not the same, though are they? Pretty much the same, aren't they? We're not going to go into that. Just 45 minutes to meet you. So we're going They were from up north and all? Chucker Brothers? Yeah, they were. I don't know where. Southport maybe? We can't go into all this detail. No, we'll cut it out. So we're going with the the the second option, teaser two.

Kev: 06:39
Yeah, let's do that. Cool.

Rob: 06:40
Are you ready for it? Because this is great.

Kev: 06:42
Go on, hit me with your plot thickens.

Rob: 06:45
So as as I did last week, or the week before maybe, I've gone into a lot of detail about setting the scene.

Kev: 06:52
Right. Just for the mo just for the start.

Rob: 06:54
Yeah, just for the start, and then I tiled off a bit. Go on then. So we start off with two British police officers. In a Yorkshire town. In a quiet Yorkshire town. Quiet Yorkshire town. I've got actors for them. Ooh, go on. Who have you got for us? Joe Thomas and James Buckley.

Kev: 07:10
Okay. Joe Thomas is uh the guy from In Betweeners, isn't it? Simon. Who's James? Is he also in? He's Jay from the In Betweeners. Oh, right, okay. Oh, did they they do something together, don't they? They're a podcast together.

Rob: 07:20
They do a podcast together, it's very good, actually. They're also in White Gold, which was very good.

Kev: 07:23
Oh white gold, was that the window one? Yeah. Ah, I didn't like that.

Rob: 07:27
So that style of character played by them too.

Kev: 07:29
So wandering through a quaint how old are they in this?

Rob: 07:32
Uh their current age, so what early thirties.

Kev: 07:34
Okay.

Rob: 07:34
Alright, yeah. So wandering through a quaint Yorkshire village in the height of summer.

Kev: 07:38
Yes.

Rob: 07:39
So over the radio we hear that there's been a a fatal attack up at Webb's Farm. Up at Webb's Farm. And that old Don has been found dead. Not old Don. Old Don. So the two officers are told to go and collect CCC C C T V footage from the houses on the road that leads to the farm to see what they can find.

Kev: 07:58
Okay, right. You with me? Yeah, um I am with you. Is it time for me to interject?

Rob: 08:04
Um I've not set up the scene just yet, but you can do if you want.

Kev: 08:08
I mean, I feel like twenty-seven guys should be dead.

Rob: 08:12
Twenty twenty-seven?

Kev: 08:14
Yeah, if the the opening crime of the usual suspect should really be a bit of a bloodbath where twenty-seven guys died on the on the pier, ideally, but we can have them in the farm instead.

Rob: 08:23
Okay, we can have twenty-seven dead.

Kev: 08:27
But it will drastically change the trajectory of the urgency of these police.

Rob: 08:32
Do you know what? I don't think it will. No? No, I don't think it will. We'll go with the twenty care. There's twenty-seven dead. Maybe they're 27 Lancastrians. But but that's what I'm like. Yeah, so what? Can old Don be the main dead one? Alright, old Don. Okay. So uh we see them amble back to the car and obviously not taking it too seriously. Because there's only 27 of them. They put on their uh blue lights and the sirens and they drive for about twenty seconds before they pull over and then pull up outside a cottage. So they didn't need to put the blue lights on. But this is a bit of a slow comedy comedy film. Right, yeah. A bit like Hot Fuzz. A bit like Hot Fuzz, apparently. So they knock on the first door and explain that they need to see footage from the video doorbell for evidence. Oh right, yeah. So the we see them watching the video doorbell, and we see a really old guy with a walking stick walk right to left across the uh the footage. And he's got a limp. Well he's got a walking stick, so he must have a limp.

Kev: 09:30
He's gonna have a limp. Big time. Great. He's definitely gonna have a very pronounced limp.

Rob: 09:34
We keep on going door to door. So you go they go to the next cottage to get their ring doorbell footage. And this is uh how we find out about the film. So we go door to door. Yeah. Cleverly avoiding a montage by breaking it up with short journeys between houses. But between the houses and in the houses, we get more on the radio about what's happened and we find out a little bit more information about the crime when they're speaking to the people at each house as well.

Kev: 09:59
Yeah, okay.

Rob: 09:60
So we found out that the uh the getaway, the very slow getaway of the limp in old man with a walking stick, happened only about thirty minutes ago.

Kev: 10:07
Oh, okay. So he's not quite so far, presumably, if he's got a pronounced limp. Exactly. How could he get away from the police? Well if they're that close. If they're that close. This has got a strong parallel.

Rob: 10:19
With what? For no, not the usual suspects.

Kev: 10:22
Actual usual suspects. Well, that's unbelievable.

Rob: 10:24
And at the first house, sorry, the first house we found out there was only thirty minutes ago. At the second, we find out that the victim was attacked with a walking stick. Okay. Victim all pointing one way. All twenty-seven of the fuck. One walking stick. Or twenty-seven of one walk. At the third house, we find out that old Don was going to be retiring at the end of the summer.

Kev: 10:43
Oh Don. His final hurrah as a farm. He was a farmer, right? Old Don, is that? Well, we can wait to find that out, can't we? Alright, we don't know that.

Rob: 10:51
Lived up at the farm, but we'll see. Right, okay. And then we find out at the fourth, that the uh fourth house, that the only thing further down the road that surely is where the old man was going is the local pub.

Kev: 11:01
Okay. And that hang on. He's going there after committing the casually. Yeah, just don't forget it's a really it's a really quaint Yorkshire town.

Rob: 11:14
The duck and fig. I denied. The duck and fig. Yeah, why not? The duck and stick.

Kev: 11:21
Is that a f is that a few yeah?

Rob: 11:24
I'm just trying to add a bit of a bit of colour to my already very colourful introduction.

Kev: 11:29
Very colourful, very enticing.

Rob: 11:31
A ring doorbell introduction to the crap.

Kev: 11:34
Um you've just used the brand name there, whereas before it was just a sort of video. Sorry, I didn't know we were on the BBC. Well we can I can use the ring doorbell form. You can. Sponsorships are available, after all. Fingers crossed. One of these weeks on the Scotland's Any sponsorships are available. Yeah. When Ring Doorbell finally sponsors us.

Rob: 11:49
Um so the Bobby'd walk into the local pub and see what not one, but three identical men.

Kev: 11:55
Identical men.

Rob: 11:56
Well, almost identical men with walking sticks. Oh, yeah. And the bar the landlord said they all hobbled into the pub together. With a strange limp. Yeah. Okay. So there is one other person in the pub. Right. A young lady. Well the bartender, presumably. Well, the landlord, but there is one other person as well.

Kev: 12:13
Right. So there's three suspects, a landlord and a wannabe journalist.

Rob: 12:17
Of course. Played by Charlotte Ritchie. Uh yeah, from Ghosts. Yep, that's the one. Mm-hmm. Uh she's on a laptop tucked away in the corner, and she looks up as the officers start to explain the situation to the landlord.

Kev: 12:29
Okay, so she's sort of snooping in. Listening, overhearing at this point. Investigative journalist mode.

Rob: 12:36
Yeah, I wasn't supposed to tell you she was a journalist yet, but don't worry about that.

Kev: 12:39
It's not it's not a massive surprise. To be fair, most of your plot points don't tend to be that surprising. And especially if you've sort of telegraphed them with name. You didn't give her a name that would give away the fact that she was a journalist. No.

Rob: 12:51
No, not yet. Jenny Lis. Jenny List. We'll call her Jenny from now on. That'll look. So the officers find out through speaking to the landlord and that they've actually never seen these three guys before today. Oh, they're all strangers, are they? But they are staying with him at the pub. Oh. He assumed that they were here for the summer fair, and all he knows is that they're one of them's an Englishman. Right. One of them's an Irishman. Oh, here we go. One of them's a Scotsman. No Welshman. No. The usual suspects.

Kev: 13:20
Well, yeah, yeah, okay. Englishman, Irishman, a Scotsman, yeah. There we go. I was fairly happy with that. Have they got generic names that mean we can easily tell who they are, or are we going to avoid that on the sort of lazy stereotyping on this?

Rob: 13:32
We don't know too much about them, and I think it's probably best we And none of them have got a Yorkshire accent. No. One's well, the Englishman might.

Kev: 13:39
But they have all got extremely strange accents, presumably. Yeah. Good, because they they should have, because most of the actors in the usual suspects are putting on very questionable accents for no apparent reason.

Rob: 13:48
Excellent. A really random Scots accent would be great if you could do that at some point. I'd be all fine.

Kev: 13:53
Well, you'll have to feed me the line and I'll you know I'll try and quickly write a line.

Rob: 13:57
So the the officers speak to the old men and tell them not to go anywhere in case they need to be questioned later. I mean, all the evidence is suggesting that one of these three guys has recently killed as many as twenty-seven. Somehow with the case. But they've basically just said just wait here. I'm sure I'm sure the Sarge will be over to speak to you soon. Oh, I've got some names. Oh yeah?

Kev: 14:20
For your suspects, the usual suspects. One's Irish, you said. Yep. So he should be called Keaton. Keaton? Keaton. Yeah. Dean Keaton is his full name, but we could we'll call them by their surname. So Keaton is Irish. There is one called McManus, so that probably fits with a Scotman. Then you've got a choice of you could have Fenster or Hockney for the Englishman. I mean that sounds like a Cockney, doesn't it? Hockney and the Cockman. That's true, yeah, Hockney. Right. So Hockney's our Englishman, McManus is our Scotsman, and Keaton is our Irishman. There we go.

Rob: 14:53
Lovely. So as the uh officers walk out of the pub after telling them to wait there and see if you're questioned at some point. Yeah. They are followed by uh Jenny, the journalist. Jenny List. Jenny List. And she's absolutely fuming at them. At the three guys. At the police. For not taking the three old men into custody. Um and uh explaining she doesn't want a murder on the loose in the village.

Kev: 15:16
Yeah.

Rob: 15:16
They they do assure her that the sergeant will be over. They should assure her they're gonna come and speak to them at some point, but she's like, What are you doing? There's like a murder on the loose, and you're taking it really casually. Yeah, but that means it's 27 people dead. 27 dead, yeah. Unprecedented scenes. I didn't think there was that many lived in the village, but there we go.

Kev: 15:32
Well, they didn't they didn't have to live there necessarily.

Rob: 15:35
Well, not anymore. So uh see still fuming, uh Jenny storms back into the pub and starts quite aggressively speaking to the landlord, who tells her that this has happened before. Twenty-seven found dead. Well too far. There was only one dead in my story, but uh there has been a death in the village and nobody was held accountable before. Um this is where Jenny does say she's a wannabe reporter from the big city visiting the village to cover the summer fare, but that finding out what's happening in here is way more important. And she'll get to the bottom of it.

Kev: 16:07
Don't worry, she'll get to the bottom of this. Jenny List. Jenny List, she'll be there for us. I'm sure she's a very good journalist.

Rob: 16:13
But now we've got two stories going on. We've got a murder mystery with the Englishman, the Irishman, and the Scotsman. Yep. Which I think writes itself. I suppose. Uh and so we've got obviously the laid-back Bobby's uh trying to find a motive and an opportunity, even though we've kind of seen that on the ring doorbell footage. Yeah. And we also have Jenny the journalist trying to uncover the dodgy investigation.

Kev: 16:34
Okay, so she's more interested in why they're not interested. Yes.

Rob: 16:38
She thinks so there's she hears there's been another murder in the village in the past and nobody's held accountable.

Kev: 16:43
Are they maybe part of a corrupt ring of cops?

Rob: 16:46
Well, that's what she's thinking. That's what she's thinking, yeah. She's like, what's going on here? Are they being paid off? Are they not taking it seriously? Why they're not taking it seriously, that's sort of questions.

Kev: 16:54
Maybe they're part of Yorkshire's finest taxi service.

Rob: 16:58
What the Bobbies? Yeah. Well, why would they kill 27? Yorkshire's finest taxi service. Is that a thing in the film?

Kev: 17:05
Well, not Yorkshire's, it's it's New York's in the real one. But New York's finest taxi service in the real film is like a corrupt ring of cops. They they kind of you know taxi around criminals so that they can move around freely.

Rob: 17:17
Oh, maybe without detection.

Kev: 17:19
So maybe that's maybe these guys are Yorkshire's finest taxi service.

Rob: 17:22
Maybe she's recently watched the real usual suspects. Maybe she's thinking that's going on. But um obviously the stories do overlap as we get into the main bit of the film.

Kev: 17:28
Well, yeah, because they are ostensibly the same story.

Rob: 17:30
Yeah, but from different angles.

Kev: 17:32
Yeah, but okay, right, yeah. Go on, carry on. So I will suspend my disbelief for a moment.

Rob: 17:36
At one point she breaks into the morgue to find out Breaks into the morgue. Yeah, yeah, the village morgue. The village morgue to find out that old Don's body isn't there.

Kev: 17:45
What about the other 26? They're not there. None of them. None of them are there. Oh boy. Was there any uh was there any Coke?

Rob: 17:52
Coca-Cola in the pub, yeah. I think we only had Pepsi.

Kev: 17:55
Yeah. There we go. No dope. 91 million dollars worth of dope that wasn't even there.

Rob: 18:02
Um Is it a drug deal gone wrong? Is it a drug deal? Well, I'm I think I think at the summer fair, I think them they're always pretty high on Coke, aren't they? Why are we why are you taking me out of the drugs island?

Kev: 18:13
Sorry, carry on, no drugs.

Rob: 18:14
There's no drugs here.

Kev: 18:15
But there were no drugs.

Rob: 18:16
There was no dope. No dope. Exactly. I can't add it in if it wasn't ever there. It was never there. Anyway, each time she finds something new, she confines in the landlord. Okay? Okay. He says it sounds fishy because last time it happened there was no funeral held or or anything like that, no witness to the body or anything like that. He seems to know a bit about it, does he? He needs to he seems to know a bit about it. We have found our verbal kint. Yeah. What's that?

Kev: 18:42
It's just the characters, name it. Oh, right, okay. Yeah. We'll go with that. Verbal kint. Oh actually, he's probably one of the other three. Verbal kint has to be. No, we I was he he can be it as well. He's gonna be verbal kint. Okay. I don't I don't really know what that means, but we'll go with it. We're gonna call him verbal. That's his name. They call him that because he talks so much, see?

Rob: 18:60
The verbal landlord. Yeah, that works. Um the journalist is worried about cover-up. Oh, that was handy, isn't it? But but occasionally does speak to the police and share her thoughts. And she actually finds out that old Don was favourite to walk away with the top prize at the summer fair, which don't forget was ten grand.

Kev: 19:15
This is straying it very much into Wallace and Gromot territory.

Rob: 19:19
Was it the biggest vegetable or something like that? But she thinks that he was murdered to stop him winning the prize. And the top prize is 10k this year, and she thinks that's enough motive for murder.

Kev: 19:30
Ten grand is enough motive for 27 months.

Rob: 19:34
For one murder in a quaint Yorkshire village, maybe for 27, probably not.

Kev: 19:38
But 27, that's that's what that's under 400 quid a a guy.

Rob: 19:43
But to to back Jenny, the journalist up, we do find out that one of the old men, the three old men, is planning to enter the summer fair again this year.

Kev: 19:52
Oh, is he now? Yeah. Oh dear. Suspicions on him though.

Rob: 19:55
In her mind, that's all she needs to be sure that they're responsible.

Kev: 19:59
They, all three of them?

Rob: 19:60
All three of them. They're together.

Kev: 20:01
Oh, okay. So is she thinking that these three are all there to have like plausible, reasonable doubt kind of thing? Yeah, that's why. Absolutely. So her her view is this is a plot between the three of them. Isn't that no such thing as coincidence? Finally a plot. Yes, yeah, it's well, we're we're closing in on a plot.

Rob: 20:22
And every time she speaks to the cops, she thinks they're being evasive, but they assure her they're taking appropriate measures to solve the case, she just doesn't believe it. So we're now coming to the the towards the end of the film with the summer fair. We're coming towards the end of the film. Well I told you I skipped over the middle bit quite a bit. Wow. But we're getting to the summer fair, quite a lot happens at the summer fair.

Kev: 20:40
Yeah, it's gonna have to, because we're only 20 minutes in.

Rob: 20:44
At the summer fair, oh sorry, the day before the summer fair, we're not quite at the summer fair yet. So Jenny actually decides she's gonna bug the room of the old men. Well, they're in one room, they're sharing a room. Yeah.

Kev: 20:55
Okay, they're together. It really is, yeah. Okay.

Rob: 20:58
Um and she actually overhears them um talking about their chances of winning the fair.

Kev: 21:02
Okay.

Rob: 21:03
And one of them says one job, that was the deal. One job, that was the deal. Apparently.

Kev: 21:11
Does that make sense for your plot?

Rob: 21:12
It does because they find out that although they had one job, it's not been done correctly, because one of old Don's sisters is currently favourite to win the country fair.

Kev: 21:21
Wow.

Rob: 21:22
They think she'll get the sympathy votes.

Kev: 21:24
Oh, the sympathy votes, yeah. Didn't deserve it. So they make up a new plan. Murder her on 26 years. They're gonna kidnap her. Oh, they're gonna kidnap her? So they're doing a second job.

Rob: 21:34
And hide her in the car boot while everyone's at the fair. Oh, a second job. It's gonna go bad, everyone is gonna go bad. So obviously Jenny's found this out. She doesn't know whether to share it with the police or not.

Kev: 21:47
Yep.

Rob: 21:48
Or whether to investigate a bit more, but what she decides to do, she decides to share it with the local bobbies who are like, Look, Jenny the journalist, you are taking this away. Jay from the in between.

Kev: 22:01
Oh yes, oh yeah, you did tell me that, sorry.

Rob: 22:03
Okay, if you don't want to listen, that's fine. Um but she she did share the detail with them, but they just they just laughed off her concerns. They were like, no, don't worry about it, it's not gonna happen. But she was so desperate that she's actually called in police from the big city to come and help.

Kev: 22:18
Okay. Just as um as a slight question, is it actually these three people with the walking stick? Definitely did the first thing.

Rob: 22:26
What you want me to reveal the Okay.

Kev: 22:29
Well, yeah, alright, carry on. We'll come back to that.

Rob: 22:31
Well, I I'm gonna I'll tell you, Kev. Yeah, they're they're responsible.

Kev: 22:34
That's a bit disappointing.

Rob: 22:35
Oh right. Sorry. No, not responsible.

Kev: 22:38
When do they get very, very scared of a master criminal named Kaiser Sose? What, the three men? Everyone. Everyone involved in the film. Well, maybe that's the Kaiser Sose. He's like this mythical, well, potentially mythical person. Nobody really knows whether he's exists or not.

Rob: 22:57
Maybe the late entrant to the uh to the summer fair has come under a pseudonym, Kaiser. Kaiser Soze. Yeah. And everyone's like, oh my god, who's that? And they're worried to death.

Kev: 23:08
Yeah, the greatest trick the devil ever pulled. There we go. We'll have a convincing the world he didn't exist.

Rob: 23:13
Is that a quote from the film?

Kev: 23:14
Or actually, I'm not just yes, it will, yeah, well, yeah.

Rob: 23:18
Right, yeah, go ahead, carry on. So we get to the fair. Yep. Uh, and the police have obviously laughed off uh everything, but she's called the the big city police in and she's watching the old I mean I feel like twenty-seven dead, the the big city police have probably come in already. Are we saying that the the other two didn't even report it? So I think the police, the local police, have actually shared it and and the big city police were obviously convinced they were doing a good enough job. Of course.

Kev: 23:42
Um but the Because if there's there's anything I've sort of learnt from television, it's when twenty-seven people are murdered, they just let the local bobbies go. They don't call in CID. In America, they definitely don't call in the FBI for things like this. No, no, no, just the local bobbies. There's only John.

Rob: 24:00
Look, Jenny's walking around this village, she's taking this very seriously, and there's only her seems to be bothered. She's bumping into locals and going, Oh yeah, old Donnie was a he would never harm anyone more or more.

Kev: 24:09
It's like hot fuzz, really, isn't it? Because none of the locals were bothered when all the people started dying off in hot fuzz either. It's like hot fuzz.

Rob: 24:17
So um as she's watching the old men eagerly, she overhears one of them say that the deed is done. Okay, kidnapped Kaiser. Kaiser Sose and stuck. Oh, that was the sister. Oh, right, yeah. Yeah, they've kidnapped the sister of all.

Kev: 24:35
Yeah, I knew that, but I didn't think she was Kaiser Sose.

Rob: 24:37
Well, yeah, that's the pseudonym for the late entry, so they didn't know who. Oh, for the late entry. Oh, yeah.

Kev: 24:42
They've kidnapped Kaiser Sose.

Rob: 24:43
Yeah.

Kev: 24:43
And Wow, that is brave because Kaiser Sose is he he's crazy.

Rob: 24:47
And shoved her in the boat. And shoved her in the boat. But then at that point she gives the the big city police the signal. Yes. Are you ready for this? Go on. They s swarm in and surround the car. Right. Open the boot and find not a Kaiser Sose. A duck. A duck. One of the local policemen walks by and says, Oh, there's Daisy. She's supposed to be competing for the big prize. What the I'm confused. So's the journalist. The journalist turns around, looks at the copper in hopper in horror, and says, Daisy Duck. Does that mean old Don is Donald Duck? Finishes the policeman. What it's not a murder of a person, it's a murder of a duck.

Kev: 25:33
And 26 others. And 26 others. 26 other duck.

Rob: 25:37
So they all knew in the little village. There was a duck murdered that nobody cared about. Right. Jenny the journalist thought it was a person.

Kev: 25:46
Oh, Jenny, what are you talking about?

Rob: 25:47
When she broke into the morgue, she thought there was nobody there. That's weird. No, but they probably just cooked them up in a stew. This has happened before. Duck murder, no one cares.

Kev: 25:55
Duck murder, no one cares.

Rob: 25:56
And there we go.

Kev: 25:57
Oh, wow, that's that's a twist.

Rob: 26:01
Got you, didn't it?

Kev: 26:02
Well, I wasn't expecting it, but that doesn't mean I enjoyed it.

Rob: 26:07
You were worried about poor old Don and old Donald Duck.

Kev: 26:10
Well now I know why they didn't care. All right, well.

Rob: 26:12
And they didn't care all that time. And can you imagine? Now you know this, you're looking back, thinking, Jenny was taking this really seriously. She was breaking into the morgue, finding out that there wasn't a funeral the last time this happened. Of course it wasn't. It's a bloody duck. And she's going, Oh my god, this is horrendous. I'm gonna have to do something about this. And everyone's like, Oh yeah, don't worry about it, love. It'll be all be alright. And she's getting more and more irate about this. She's thinking it's a murder mystery, and it's silly. A silly fool. Duck and fig, I'll give you a clip. Old Don.

Kev: 26:41
Yeah, well, what the fig. Where are the figs? I don't know. Just a thing. Just a fig. I did wonder why a duck was so so quick to your mind.

Rob: 26:50
But you weren't expecting that, were you? I wasn't expecting that, I'll be honest. I think I've successfully pulled the rug from underneath your but looking back at the film now, now you know it, imagine the fun that could be had with her thinking it's a real murder.

Kev: 27:04
So wouldn't it be almost better if it wasn't a surprise to the the Yeah, maybe that's more of a farce and we're in on the joke and she I don't know, it's up to you, it's your film.

Rob: 27:13
I I like the idea of nobody knowing it and getting a bit like really irate with it. Maybe we find that a little bit before her, but I do like the idea of the finding that old Don is Donald Doc. Oh Don. And he's retired. I was very careful to say not say it was a person murdered or anything. Yeah, because I asked if he was a farmer.

Kev: 27:29
Yeah, we lived at the farm. We lived at the farm.

Rob: 27:31
And that's why 27 dead ducks doesn't mean anything. Three old men walking. That's why the You really had your ducks in a row on this one, didn't you? Shot them down. That's why 27 in a row. That's why the police weren't too worried about it. They were taking it very casually. Yeah. It was all a bit of a bit of a running joke for them, but she was taking it very seriously. Obviously, uh she didn't end up reporting on the the 27 dead ducks.

Kev: 27:55
No, I'm just saying, well, no, maybe there's she can st she's still got her story though, uh the you know, scandal at the village fate. Yeah, of course. That's still on. Yeah, but it's not quite the murder mystery she thought it was. That is a bit of a shame though.

Rob: 28:07
I'm very happy with this. As as far as pulling the rug from under your feet goes, I thought you'd get Donald Ducks straight away.

Kev: 28:12
Uh I should have been on the lookout, Ray, especially when it turned out that Jenny List wasn't the main I think you managed to evade it just but by sneaking in one that you had hadn't necessarily even planned. Had you planned the Jenny List like this game? I'm that quick when you're gonna be able to do it with it, yeah. Jenny List. So I'm just threw me off the case. I wasn't expecting more than one terrible name.

Rob: 28:33
I was expecting at some point you to go, hang about, is this a person that's been murdered? But there we go. I wasn't expecting you to add twenty-seven.

Kev: 28:41
That's a lot of a lot of extras, isn't it? 27.

Rob: 28:44
I'm happy I'm happy with how it went. Obviously, the usual suspects, they did kill the ducks to try and get the prize, but it's not they don't go down for murder.

Kev: 28:51
No, they wouldn't go down to the colour. Yeah, at best it's probably some sort of I don't know what it is.

Rob: 28:57
I I did actually Google it. If it wasn't it is a crime.

Kev: 29:01
Yeah if they're not your ducks, it would be a crime, wouldn't it? What is what is the crime then? I don't know. I couldn't find it. You said you googled it.

Rob: 29:09
Yeah, to find out if it was murder.

Kev: 29:12
I can't believe we had to Google it to find out if it was murder. It's not, Quinstein. No, no. Probably not. Sort of serial killing of the There we go.

Rob: 29:20
The usual suspects, the Englishman and the Irishman and the Scotsman who were pretty incidental to the whole thing.

Kev: 29:25
Weren't they just well, I mean they kidnapped Kaiser Sose, which is a brave thing to do. Who's actually Daisy Ducking film? Who's actually Daisy Duck? Oh what? Who's actually a duck.

Rob: 29:34
Who's actually a duck?

Kev: 29:35
When you said Daisy Duck, I don't are you going on Daisy Duke here, Dukes of Hazard.

Rob: 29:39
No, of course not.

Kev: 29:41
Who knows? Right. Okay, well that was underwhelming. Um last week you got fours. Oh no, those were dizzying heights indeed. No.

Rob: 29:55
I I had you all the way there in a little murder mystery that you were trying to figure out who it was.

Kev: 29:60
Well, I was trying to yeah, I was trying to add things to make it in any way somewhat interesting or plausible, but yeah.

Rob: 30:05
You were trying you were trying to guess who it was, and actually there's no real murder, so not even a murderer. None of them.

Kev: 30:11
And they all ate happily ever after.

Rob: 30:13
You've got big duck steward the fair.

Kev: 30:16
Uh what's your favourite duck meal, duck-based meal?

Rob: 30:19
Um I once had a it's gotta be crispy duck and pancakes, yeah. No, it was a duck, uh like a cottage pie. That's very nice.

Kev: 30:27
You asked a question. Yeah, probably can't that enough. Um Duck of Lorange. Duck a large, yeah, fair enough. Right, okay. So that's that's your film, is that's what you've got. Yeah, that's what I've got. Okay. Right, so it is hot fuzz, meat, swallow and grommet.

Rob: 30:43
What's not to love with duck all orange for pudding.

Kev: 30:46
Yeah. Okay, right. Well, first up, coherence. Hmm. It did it didn't seem coherent at first, because it didn't make any sense that the cops would be so relaxed about it. Uh but it did tie together at the end, actually, weirdly. It was actually quite coherent. The only part that's not coherent about it though, I think you if the audience isn't in on the joke, I think they would be struck with the coherence of it for quite a long time. Yeah, but I think they're waiting around for a very long time for the reveal that is a dark.

Rob: 31:19
The aha moment is worth it.

Kev: 31:22
I I think it might be if if the rest of it is is is quite lighthearted and really obviously not taking itself seriously. If your writers have got enough good slapstick jokes in there, it's probably alright.

Rob: 31:34
I think I think that's the case. But imagine when the the boot opens. I'm laughing just thinking about it. The boot opens and there's just a double.

Kev: 31:40
You will notice that I'm not.

Rob: 31:41
You don't laugh at anything that's I do laugh at that. That's a Ukraine.

Kev: 31:44
I laugh at lots of things. I laugh at Tom from Chippenham. Yeah, I like that. Ridiculous nonsense. Come on, I got four last week. Right. Well it's it's more coherent than that. It is quite I I'll give you seven for coherence. Yeah, it's it is quite coherent in a sort of non non-coherent way. Well no, it's coherent in a non-plausible way, but it it does it fits together.

Rob: 32:07
Sorry, I didn't know anything that would be plausible.

Kev: 32:09
Well, it depends on the genre. And you've gone for slapstick uh gentle Yorkshire comedy. Yeah, great. So there were Lancastrian ducks as well, though. We did get to that, didn't we? There has to be Lancastrian ducks. Right, I'll give you a seven for that. Entertainment factor. Where was the comedy coming in?

Rob: 32:31
Breaking into the morgue, bit of suspense.

Kev: 32:34
I never told you why they had to sort of have limps, a pronounced limps. Because at the end it turns out they didn't have a limp at all or the stick. It was all sort of a just a what in your film or my film? In the real film, it's it's just a ruse. So we can escape from the police just like that, if you remember from the start when we talked about how uh you know he's sort of disappeared. No, I forget it. Forget it. Alright. Entertainment factor.

Rob: 32:57
The the the limps might not have been real, the walking sticks might not have been real. The m walking stick was a murder weapon, but all three of the usual suspects walked into the an Englishman, an Irishman, and a Scotsman walked into a pub with a walking stick each. So you can't tell who the murderer is.

Kev: 33:13
Yeah, it was clever. It's a clever way of but but they stuck around, so it didn't really matter because it was clearly a joint enterprise.

Rob: 33:19
Because they wanted to win ten grand.

Kev: 33:20
Yeah, but it was clearly a joint enterprise. Yeah, but that's wouldn't matter which one of them had done it.

Rob: 33:24
Yeah, but it doesn't really matter, it's a duck.

Kev: 33:26
Yes. See? Right. Now you understand. I understood. Entertainment factor. Understand this.

Rob: 33:35
You're getting more disappointed every week.

Kev: 33:38
Uh Entertainment Factor, where do we get for this?

Rob: 33:43
Within contact.

Kev: 33:44
I mean, you've you I mean you've you've cast some quite comedic actors, so I can see that they would do a pretty good job of it making it quite funny. I'll give you a six. I don't know why I'm scoring this so highly.

Rob: 33:56
It's madness.

Kev: 33:57
It's absolute madness. Uh but wait for originality. Where you've just rewritten the hot fuzz and balls and grommet in one. You're getting one.

Rob: 34:06
One.

Kev: 34:06
One. No. One. One. That's tragic. Alright, one and a half. Do we do half scores? Okay, one. I mean, no, there's nothing original about this, is there?

Rob: 34:17
What? Twenty-seven dead ducks?

Kev: 34:20
Yeah, but the I made you have twenty-seven.

Rob: 34:23
Alright, one dead duck. Right, yeah. And it's just an Englishman, an Irishman, and a Scotsman.

Kev: 34:28
But what you've writ written or rewritten is sleepy English town, nothing really happens. Biggest news story is the summer fair. Yes. It's that is hot fuzz. Is it? Yes. But is that not a swan? Murders that, you know, none of the townsfolk seem bothered about. Hot fuzz. Disappearances, hot fuzz. It's hot fuzz. Yeah, but Yorkshire. But yeah, but in Yorkshire. Yeah.

Rob: 34:55
So you're sticking with what?

Kev: 34:56
I think I probably am sticking with hot dogs. You're sticking with what? And and any listeners, if if you think I'm being overly harsh, feel free to email him. But I don't think they'll I don't think anyone's queuing up to dispute that that is not absolutely and you even you've even seen hot fuzz. Yeah, lots of things. This is what makes it so much worse. If you've not even seen it, then I might forgive it, but you have. And you've just created it again.

Rob: 35:19
One. One. Right, well final word one. Somebody please email in and have a go in for that, because that's what I'm for. So what do you have? You got seven for seven, six, and one. 14, 47%.

Kev: 35:31
Yeah.

unknown: 35:32
Yeah.

Kev: 35:33
That's heartbreaking. Wow. Old Donald Duck dies for all that. Old Donnie. Old Donny Duck. Poor guy.

Rob: 35:40
No, that's fine. I'm I said last week I'd do better.

Kev: 35:42
Oh, do you know? I'll give you a two.

Rob: 35:46
A pity two is pathetic.

Kev: 35:47
Alright, we'll stick with you. It's up to you. I don't mind. You don't have one or two. I don't really know.

Rob: 35:51
I'll stick with a one. I'll be a proud, proud northerner and stick my stick with my one.

Kev: 35:55
I'm not having a pity two. And you never gave me a line to say in Scottish.

Rob: 35:59
I didn't have time to write a line. Spent all my time thinking about how to show the video doorbell footage.

Kev: 36:06
That's disappointing. Okay, right. So we're we're done with that then, really, aren't we?

Rob: 36:11
Yeah, well I said last week I'd do better. I got 40% last week. And 47% this week, so I'm on the up. Flying. I mean, the week before that was 77, so.

Kev: 36:20
You had some good efforts before.

Rob: 36:21
Yeah, it's just not today, but not last two weeks ago.

Kev: 36:24
Have I been too on? I don't know, I don't think I have been too hard.

Rob: 36:28
A one for originality.

Kev: 36:30
Yeah, because it's it's a rewrite of a film that you also have seen yourself and admit to having seen a long time ago. Doesn't matter. Ring doorbells to even exist. I convinced myself again it absolutely deserves nothing more. It's a one.

Rob: 36:43
Entertainment six, originality one. Wow.

Kev: 36:46
Yep.

Rob: 36:46
Oh, thank God we didn't do the Western one.

Kev: 36:50
Very derived. Maybe another time we'll explore your Western.

Rob: 36:53
That's fine. If that's what if that's the way you want it to go, 47% is.

Kev: 36:57
Yep. That's it. I'm on the up since last week. Saw the devil, looked him in the eye, came away with 47%. Yep. And feel happy for it. Yeah. Right, where's time for your revenge? Although I'm I did I'm disappointed about the the Coke reference, actually. We should go back into that because you did make a very fair point that would have worked really nicely. Right. Because when he says when one of the characters says, There is no Coke, I've been in every fucking room, and I'm telling you there is no Coke.

Rob: 37:22
Well I've got Pepsi on top. That's exactly it. That's worth a one.

Kev: 37:26
Yeah. On its own. Yeah, but that's part of the entertainment factor. Not very original, though, is it? Not at all. Every literally every pub up and down the land says that. Sort of in an apologetic way, quite often, isn't it? Oh, we've only got Pepsi. Is that alright?

Rob: 37:41
Dude, like we're stretching this to a point where the closest I've got to the real film is a landlord saying I've got Pepsi on draft. That's it. Pops a lot, people. That's as good as I get. And one of them had a limp. Yeah. Oh dear.

Kev: 37:55
Right, okay. What have you got for me? Rob's Revenge Time, I think, isn't it?

Rob: 37:58
Uh it is, yes. Quiz time, here we go. Yeah. So today I'm going to give you there's nine points at stake. Oh, hello. Nine. In split into three categories. Have we got time for that? Yeah, it's pretty easy, pretty straightforward. Split into three categories. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to give you in the first category, three TV shows. Okay. And you need to rank them in order of how they rank for their season one ranking rating on IMDb.

Kev: 38:28
Right. How well the first season is rate of the same. Okay. Okay.

Rob: 38:34
So how does the point scoring work? You get a point for every right one, correct?

Kev: 38:38
Okay, but surely I can own there's there's I can't ever score two out of three for that.

Rob: 38:42
I never said you could score two. I said there was nine points at stake.

Kev: 38:45
Okay, right. Yeah.

Rob: 38:47
So the first three to uh to rank are the first season of The Simpsons, American Dad and Family Guy.

Kev: 38:55
Okay, that's interesting. I mean, objectively, the best one of those was probably The Simpsons. Family Guy second and American Dad third. But American Dad will have benefited from the fact that the people who watched it already liked Family Guy. So it's got a more niche it's got its audience already figured out, probably. But don't forget this is just the first season. Oh um I think more people have gone back and and ranked Simpsons highly. Because also that was probably all of that would have been after IMDB was created, or certainly people. I'm gonna say Simpsons, American Dad, Family Guy.

Rob: 39:36
You've got none, right? So Family Guy was top. Was it? Yeah, the the Simpsons uh was second, and then American Dad was third.

Kev: 39:45
I mean American Dad belongs third. Yeah, yeah, I totally agree. I thought you I thought you didn't own that. Well yeah I just thought because of the fact that only well, probably people you like Family Node area.

Rob: 39:54
I think probably Family Guy benefits from the timing as well, probably. Yeah, yeah. Oh, so category two is the same principle, but for the full show, not just season one. Oh, okay. Okay. The Office, UK. Yep. After life, and Derek were all three.

Kev: 40:11
So the Ricky Devase Vehicles. Okay, well the office was I don't know. And this is ratings as of now. As of now, yeah. Oh, I wonder if the office has taken a tumble. Because it was quite cruel humour. And the American office was much warmer. But Derek. Yeah. And afterlife.

Rob: 40:34
Afterlife, yeah.

Kev: 40:36
Do you know what? Afterlife's probably the best of the three. Oh, but I don't know what other people would think. I'm gonna go Afterlife Office Derek.

Rob: 40:46
You've got Derek, right? Wow. But it's the office first, then afterlife.

Kev: 40:51
Okay, people were forgiving of the crowd human, were they?

Rob: 40:53
The office is great, I'll forget. Yeah, I mean I think it's a good thing. It's quite c quite close. There's only point one in it.

Kev: 40:58
Oh, here we go again. How am I supposed to know that? Okay, go on.

Rob: 41:01
Well this is to test whether whether your taste is in line with the Zatgeist of the IMDB public, and it's obviously not.

Kev: 41:07
Well, this is bad news for me this this time, isn't it? Because I've got one out of six. The highest I can get is four out of nine.

Rob: 41:13
Well there is there is a bonus tenth question, which we'll come in and you might be able to snatch it. So category three is the rating for just the finale for these three shows. Okay.

Kev: 41:26
Well, this is well constructed for you. Thank you. ChatGPT.

Rob: 41:30
That's not my name. Game of Thrones, Breaking Bad or Stranger Things.

Kev: 41:36
Okay. People did not like the ending for Stranger Things. I remember that was very recent. They didn't like it. Breaking Bad. And we were talking about the final episode of the series Breaking Bad, and none of the kind of post things, the films like El Camino or anything like that.

Rob: 41:54
Very last episode of the show. Okay. And what was the other one? Uh Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, and Stranger Things.

Kev: 41:59
Game of Thrones. I don't think people like how Game of Thrones ended either, actually. I'm gonna say Breaking Bad. Oh, then it's that's tight between those next two. Game of Thrones, then Stranger Things.

Rob: 42:11
Oh, it's Breaking Bad's top. Yeah. Stranger Things second. And Game of Thrones 4.0 out of ten. What was Stranger Things then? Uh 7.9. Oh right. People rather than it's low compared to the others, but yeah, it's so that's one again. So that's only a two of nine. Two out of nine, twenty two point two. It kind of shows how bad your taste is compared to everyone else. Do we?

Kev: 42:33
No, because I'm I wasn't rating them based on what I believe. You were if you if you were to go back and scrutinize the transcript or listen to it, I think you would hear me trying to reason what other people thought. Well you're still wrong. Yeah, I'm wrong about it.

Rob: 42:47
So this will I will give you a bonus question. Go on. So that my percentage could decrease further. Out of them nine, um, which of them was the highest rating?

Kev: 42:57
Okay.

Rob: 42:58
Out of all of that. So we know Game of Thoughts was four. Yeah. Well And we know it wasn't Stranger Things because Breaking Bad came above it. So you can do it.

Kev: 43:09
The Office.

Rob: 43:10
The Office or Family Guy. So first season of Family Guy, full series of The Office or finale of Breaking Bad.

Kev: 43:16
Ah, okay, right. So we're still sticking with the right okay. Full series of The Office, probably.

Rob: 43:23
Behind Family Guy, yeah. 8.5, 8.6 for Family Guy and 9.8 for Breaking Bad for season finale. For the season finale of Breaking Bad. I didn't even think the final one was. So it was 9.9 not so long ago, and then it's gone down to nine point eight, but it's one of the very few that's got that high rating. Goodness me. So that's two out of ten. I'm just gonna do some math.

Kev: 43:44
Yeah, you well, you better put it into your calculator because the rest will be ahead of you.

Rob: 43:48
So that's another win for me, despite my really poor showing in the config.

Kev: 43:55
Perhaps we should inflate the numbers somehow for the next one. You're gonna get a hundred percent next time, but what Whatever we do. Okay, well that was all in, but a bit of a disaster. Well, I've enjoyed I've enjoyed the win. Didn't go well. Um and your originality score was of one, was if anything, quite generous. Nearly a two, can I add? Okay.

Rob: 44:18
That brings us to another one. Do I nothing? Do I get to know what I'm doing next week? Yeah, you do. Hot fuzz?

Kev: 44:25
That that was this week, remember. Um nope, I I've got a couple of options for you, and I'm not sure whether or not I'm not sure which one I want you to pick. So you can have the Wicker Man. That is a roller coaster at Alton Towers. Is it? Yeah. Okay. Is it anything to do with that? Um I don't know, because I didn't know it was a roller coaster at Alton Lower.

Rob: 44:44
A wooden roller coaster with lots of flames.

Kev: 44:46
Well, okay. So you've got the Wicker Man. Okay. Or Doctor Strangelove.

Rob: 44:52
Doctor Strange Love?

Kev: 44:53
Yeah.

Rob: 44:54
Oh. That's I know who I know who plays him. Benedict Cumberbatch.

Kev: 45:01
I think you're thinking of Doctor Strange, and that's one of the marble marble things, isn't it?

Rob: 45:08
That's different. Um, we'll go with Doctor Strange Love then. You go with Doctor Strange.

Kev: 45:12
Is that all you want? Uh do you know what? I love both of these films, so I didn't really mind, but actually I was sort of hoping you'd pick Doctor Strange Love because I haven't seen it for a very long time, and it really, really is an excellent film. Excellent. Well, at least I get to watch that and then next week I'll have to hear you ruining it. I look forward to it. Okay, right. I'll see you next week then for Doctor Strange Love. See you later. Bye. Bye bye.

